All right even digits only one is on one basically.
Our objective here is we're taking in a number and we want to check if every single digit is even you
can see that in this one is failing because there are three which is odd.
So we need to figure out how to do that.
Whoops.
And are the functions that I use the handsful as I used to string split every and parse it which feels
like overkill for this problem at first glance.
But I think if you have a better solution I encourage you guys to share your solutions and all of these
and I'll update the video to show more than one solution.
But this is what I needed to accomplish this fall.
All right so the way that I solve this one was I converted our number to a string and I made a a essentially
a character array out of it.
And from there I return a boolean that checks every element in the array parses it as a net divided
by two and checks if it's even if it is we return true if it isn't we return false.
That's what I did for this one.
Let's go ahead and get started.
We're going to say we'll make a concert here and we'll go ahead and say What do you call those called
digits is equal to an to string.
And then we'll split it on each character.
Nice.
And in our turn here we're going to take digits and call every on it which is an array function that
so say return a true or false value.
If all of these items passed this every single item passes it is called Digic.
We'll get a little bit more sense.
And then we're going to say parse the string a find number and treat it as a integer parse each digit.
And is it evenly divisible by zero.
That's it really at the end of the day of course.
So I call in there.
So that's how I solved this one.
I I was for a while trying to figure out a way to do this with the less method calls and I'm at it spend
too much time on it.
But this is what I was able to come up with.
First for something in me is showing me that there's probably a mathematical way to solve this that
I am just not aware of and I can't figure it out for the life of me boy.
That being said let's go on to the next on.